<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<ui:composition>
	<h:panelGroup rendered="#{fn:containsIgnoreCase(miscBackingBean.helpTab,constants.nameToValueMap.HELP_GENERALUSERULE)}">
		<div id="pge-center">
			<div>
				<div style="padding: 20px;">
					<h2>Use Policy</h2>
					<p>You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials
						(hereinafter “Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content
						originated. This means that you, and not yourHotDeal.com, hereinafter “yourHotDeal”, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload,
						post, email, link, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. yourHotDeal does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as
						such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to
						Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable to your own personal beliefs. Under no circumstances will yourHotDeal be liable in any way
						for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result
						of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.</p>
					<p>
						<strong>You agree to NOT use the Service to:</strong>
					</p>
					<ol class="helpLi">
						<li>upload, post, email, link, Private Message, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
							abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
							otherwise objectionable;</li>
						<li>harm any person (minor or adult) in any way;</li>
						<li>impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, the yourHotDeal administrator, a forum leader or moderator, guide or
							host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;</li>
						<li>manipulate in any way identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;</li>
						<li>upload, post, email, link, Private Message, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make
							available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (this includes, but is not limited to inside information, proprietary
							and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);</li>
						<li>upload, post, email, link, Private Message, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark,
							trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights (hereinafter “Rights”) of any party;</li>
						<li>upload, post, email, link, Private Message, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
							promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation or self promotion;</li>
						<li>upload, post, email, link, Private Message, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any
							other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
							telecommunications equipment;</li>
						<li>disrupt the normal flow of posting or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to engage in accessing and
							utilizing the site (e.g. posting in a thread, accessing yourHotDeal, registering with yourHotDeal, etc);</li>
						<li>interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures,
							policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;</li>
						<li>intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law and any regulations having the
							force of law while using the Service;</li>
						<li>post scanned or altered manufacturer coupons;</li>
						<li>“stalk” or otherwise harass another; and/or</li>
						<li>collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs a
							through m above.</li>
						<li>discuss how to perform, elude capture, or profit from illegal activities.</li>
						<li>post nudity or graphic descriptions of sex.</li>
						<li>post links to sites with grotesque, gruesome or disgusting pictures/videos.</li>
						<li>insult/attack other users.</li>
						<li>use vulgarities &amp; obscenities.</li>
						<li>post under the influence.</li>
						<li>taunt the mods to delete your post. If you create a thread that you know will be deleted, it will be DELETED.</li>
						<li>start threads about “why was my thread deleted.” Private message a mod to resolve the issue.</li>
						<li>post inappropriate images.</li>
						<li>try to bypass the censors.</li>
						<li>mention or link competitive sites. If the site is censored, do not post that site. Thanking someone from such site is alright. Putting
							them in your signature is not. Listing them in any context for a deal is not allowed.</li>
						<li>abuse the reputation and tag systems.</li>
						<li>offer to buy or sell anything</li>
						<li>Spam, self promotion and referral links are not allowed. Such links (including url shortener links such as bit.ly) may be automatically
							stripped.</li>

						<li>There are additional rules specific to each forum and they are stickied.</li>
					</ol>
					<p>
						<b>General guidelines for images &amp; avatars:</b>
					</p>
					<ul>
						<li>Images and avatars must be PG13 rated (For example, no people wearing thongs, g-strings, see thru clothing, or who are partially
							undressed)</li>
						<li>No pics of (or suggestive of) sexual acts, including sexually suggestive kissing.<span> </span></li>
					</ul>
					<p>You acknowledge that may or may not pre-screen Content, but that and its moderators shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their
						sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, delete, or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, and its
						moderators shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable at their sole discretion. You agree
						that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or
						usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by or submitted to , including without
						limitation information in all parts of the Service., which includes forum board posts.</p>
					<p>You acknowledge, consent and agree that may access, preserve and disclose your account information, including your ISP address, and
						Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply
						with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your
						requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of , its users and the public.</p>
					<p>You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over
						various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.</p>
					<p>You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that permit digital materials to
						be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You
						may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Service.</p>
					<p>Membership, use and permissions on this site are at the sole discretion of the site owner. reserve the right to remove, edit, move or
						close any thread or account for any reason. Some, any or all permissions to view and/or use this site are subject to change, for no reason and
						no advance notice.</p>
					<p>By accessing and using this site/forum, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-orientated,
						hateful, threatening, violate any of the listed additional rules, or otherwise violative of any laws. In addition, you also warrant that you
						will not hold .net Forums or any of its subsidiaries responsible for any post, image, or link posted from a forum member as the moderators
						cannot catch everything at the instance it happens.</p>
					<p>Although the administrators and moderators of .net Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible
						for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of .net Forums, nor Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
						(developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.</p>
					<p>Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online for example, via message boards or chat that information can be
						collected and used by people you don’t know. While .net strives to protect your personal information and privacy, cannot guarantee the security
						of any information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your own risk. However, if you violate the rules, .net Forums reserves the
						right to disclose any and all user activity to the public, third parties and or law enforcement agencies.</p>
					<p>The rules that we have put in place are guidelines that our team uses to ensure that our website remains orderly. It is impossible for us
						to write a rule for every conceivable circumstance and situation. Thus the “rules” are guidelines: our moderators will look at every situation
						individually and try to apply those guidelines and look at the “spirit” and intent of the rule. If it is not cut and dry, they will do their
						best to make a judgement call.</p>
					<p>--yourHotDeal Team</p>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</h:panelGroup>
</ui:composition>
</html>