<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<ui:composition>
	<h:panelGroup rendered="#{fn:containsIgnoreCase(miscBackingBean.helpTab,constants.nameToValueMap.HELP_TERMS)}">
		<div id="pge-center">
			<h1>Terms &amp; Conditions</h1>
			<ul class="small border-top popuphide">
				<li><a href="#Shopping">YourHotDeal Cash Back Shopping Program </a></li>
				<li><a href="#Becoming">Becoming a Member</a></li>
				<li><a href="#EarningCash">Earning Cash Back</a></li>
				<li><a href="#EarningBonuses">Earning Bonuses &amp; Other Rewards</a></li>
				<li><a href="#ReceivingPayment">Receiving Payment</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Updating">Updating &amp; Maintaining Your Account</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Communications">Receiving Communications from YourHotDeal</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Protecting">Protecting Your Information</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Applications">Using YourHotDeal Applications</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Inactive">Inactive Member Accounts &amp; Termination of Membership</a></li>
				<li><a href="#Program">Program Limitations, Qualifications &amp; Disclaimers</a></li>
			</ul>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Shopping"></a>YourHotDeal Cash Back Shopping Program
				</h4>
				<p>YourHotDeal.com ("YourHotDeal") offers a service that allows members to earn cash back on purchases made at over 1,000 stores. Joining and
					using YourHotDeal is free and simple, requiring only your email address and a password to get started. YourHotDeal does not sell or rent your
					personal information to third parties, and YourHotDeal does not 'spam' its members. YourHotDeal does not install or require you to install
					software on your computer. In other words, there is no 'catch'. YourHotDeal receives a fee for referring buyers to affiliated stores and uses
					that fee to pay members cash back on their purchases.</p>

				<p>Please read this complete member agreement ("Agreement") for full details on the YourHotDeal Cash Back Shopping Program ("Program"). We
					think you will agree that YourHotDeal offers the smartest way to shop online or in-store.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Becoming"></a>Becoming a Member
				</h4>
				<p>By enrolling as a member in the Program ("Member"), or by utilizing any of YourHotDeal' shopping applications ("Applications"), you agree
					to be bound by this Agreement. Enrollment as a Member is simple: you must provide an email address so YourHotDeal can inform you when money or
					other rewards are credited to your account. Members must be at least eighteen years old and agree not to use the Program for any illegal or
					fraudulent activity. Please be aware that participation in the Program and the opportunity to earn cash back are offered at the sole discretion
					of YourHotDeal, and YourHotDeal has the right to change this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="EarningCash"></a>Earning Cash Back
				</h4>
				<p>Earning back a portion of your purchases as cash back ("Cash Back") is straightforward. Choose a store, product, coupon or other offer
					displayed on YourHotDeal.com or an YourHotDeal application, click the accompanying shopping link to be directed to an affiliated store's website
					("Affiliate Store"), and complete a purchase to earn Cash Back on your net purchase amount. Please note that the net purchase amount excludes
					taxes, fees, shipping, gift-wrapping, discounts or creYourHotDealreturns or cancellations, and extended warranties.</p>

				<p>
					Certain Affiliate Stores exclude a limited number of products and purchases from the Program. YourHotDeal does its best to minimize and maintain
					an up-to-date <a href="/help/storeexceptions.htm">list of exclusions</a> on YourHotDeal.com. Additionally, to earn Cash Back, you must complete
					your purchase during the same shopping session you start after clicking on the YourHotDeal link. If you visit other sites before completing your
					purchase or use coupons not provided by YourHotDeal, your purchase might be associated with a service other than YourHotDeal and you might not
					earn cash back on your purchase. If you disable 'cookies' on your computer you will not be able to earn Cash Back as cookies are used to
					authenticate the user and be certain Cash Back is assigned to the Member account.
				</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="EarningBonuses"></a>Earning Bonuses &amp; Other Rewards
				</h4>
				<p>YourHotDeal periodically offers monetary bonuses or other rewards for sign-up in the Program, for referring other new Members, or for other
					specific actions. The terms and conditions accompanying such offers will govern how they are earned and paid if the terms and conditions differ
					from this Agreement. To qualify for a sign-up bonus payment, a new Member must establish an Active Account (defined below) and make minimum
					qualifying purchases totaling at least twenty-five dollars ($25.00) within ninety (90) days of becoming a Member. To qualify for a referral
					bonus, a Member must refer a new Member who establishes his or her own Active Account and makes his or her own minimum qualifying purchases
					totaling at least twenty-five dollars ($25.00) within the first ninety (90) days of becoming a Member. Please note that sign-up and referral
					bonuses are given for the purpose of attracting brand new Members to YourHotDeal. An individual person is only eligible for one sign-up bonus and
					may earn only one referral bonus per individual person referred. To be sent a gift card bonus, Member must have a valid address in the United
					States or Canada only.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="ReceivingPayment"></a>Receiving Payment
				</h4>
				<p>To receive payment of accrued Cash Back and any other rewards, you must establish and maintain an active account with YourHotDeal ("Active
					Account") with the information necessary to process your payment: a valid email address at which you are able to receive email, a valid postal
					address at which you are able to receive mail, your first and last name, and a password to protect your account. To maintain your Active Account,
					you must update your information if it changes and have shopped via YourHotDeal.com or an YourHotDeal Application or have accrued Cash Back at
					any time within the last twelve (12) months.</p>
				<p>YourHotDeal pays its members accrued Cash Back and other rewards every 3 months, at a minimum. YourHotDeal pays members in U.S. dollars via
					Paypal, and sometimes other payment options. Members may select or change their payment options in the "My Account"YourHotDealion of
					YourHotDeal.com. Each payment represents Cash Back and other rewards earned and accrued during the prior quarter based on the schedule below. The
					minimum payment amount is $5.01. Balances below $5.01 remain in your account for potential payment during the next payment period.</p>

				<p>

					<table class="info" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="3" border="0"><tbody>
						<tr class="purchases">
							<td align="center" width="210"><strong>Purchase Period</strong></td>
							<td align="center" width="180"><strong>Payment Date</strong></td>
						</tr>
						<tr align="center">
							<td>Jan 1-Mar 31</td>
							<td>May 15</td>
						</tr>
						<tr align="center">
							<td>Apr 1-June 30</td>
							<td>Aug 15</td>
						</tr>
						<tr align="center">
							<td>July 1-Sept 30</td>
							<td>Nov 15</td>
						</tr>
						<tr align="center">
							<td>Oct 1-Dec 31</td>
							<td>Feb 15</td>
						</tr>
					</tbody>

				</table>
				</p>

				<p>Please note that orders from a few Affiliate Stores may be delayed by one pay cycle due to delayed processing and reporting by the stores.
					We do our best to expedite payments and to maintain a list of stores whose practices might delay our ability to pay Cash Back on your purchase.
					YourHotDeal reserves the right to delay payment for any purchase based on changes to Affiliate Store policies and procedures at any time.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Updating"></a>Updating &amp; Maintaining Your Account
				</h4>
				<p>You must be logged into YourHotDeal and enter your password to change your account information and payment preferences. You may check your
					account status and recent earning history at any time via the My Account tab on the YourHotDeal Website. For security purposes, it is recommended
					that you memorize your password and not write it down. You are responsible for keeping your password and other account information confidential.
					YourHotDeal is entitled to act on instructions received under your password and is not responsible for any credits or debits made to your account
					by someone else who uses your password.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Communications"></a>Receiving Communications from YourHotDeal
				</h4>
				<p>By signing up for membership at YourHotDeal, you agree to receive communications that are account and membership related (e.g., that we've
					added money to your account, that we are mailing you a check on a certain date, etc.) as well as periodic shopping-related emails that highlight
					coupons &amp; special deals that are available to YourHotDeal Members. You can opt-out of receiving emails that are not account-related by either
					(i) visiting your account page and clicking on the Subscriptions link, or (ii) following the unsubscribe link on any of the emails. Since we need
					to communicate account information with you in order to operate our service, you cannot unsubscribe from account information emails. But rest
					assured that we don't send account emails unnecessarily. If you do not wish ever to hear from YourHotDeal, even if just to hear that we awarded
					you Cash Back, you can close your account by contacting YourHotDeal' customer service department.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Protecting"></a>Protecting Your Information
				</h4>
				<p>YourHotDeal does not sell or rent your information to third parties. YourHotDeal requires your name and address in order to send you
					payment of Cash Back and other rewards earned through YourHotDeal. Any other information gathered by YourHotDeal will be used only to improve
					your YourHotDeal experience, for example by minimizing the irrelevant content or offers you see and increasing the offers you see from your
					favorite stores. Such information might include your favorite stores, preferred types of coupons or shopping categories. As detailed in
					YourHotDeal', YourHotDeal does not disclose your information to third partiYourHotDealept as necessary (i) for YourHotDeal' agents and service
					providers to make YourHotDeal' payments to you; (ii) to comply with government agency or court orders or requests; (iii) in providing aggregated
					or non-personalized marketing services for advertising or store partners; or (iv) for YourHotDeal' agents and service providers to send
					YourHotDeal' communications to you.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Applications"></a>Using YourHotDeal Applications
				</h4>
				<p>YourHotDeal does not install or require you to install any software to access the Cash Back Shopping Program. Members can earn Cash Back on
					their purchases by using only the Web site YourHotDeal.com. YourHotDeal plans to make available a limited number of Applications to assist users
					in earning Cash Back without visiting YourHotDeal.com (for example, from mobile devices or in-store). If you use YourHotDeal' Applications you
					agree to use them only for your personal use and for accessing the Program. YourHotDeal reserves the right to update or discontinue its
					Applications at any time. You agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, copy or otherwise derive the source code of YourHotDeal
					Applications for any reason. You may not rent, sell, or sublicense YourHotDeal' Applications without YourHotDeal prior written consent.</p>

				<p>YourHotDeal Applications and their underlying information and technology may not be exported or re-exported into any country to which the
					U.S. has embargoed goods or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's
					Table of Deny Orders. By using YourHotDeal' Applications you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a
					national or resident of any such country or on any such list, and that you will otherwise comply with all applicable export control laws. All
					rights to YourHotDeal' Applications are reserved by YourHotDeal under the copyright laws of the United States.</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Inactive"></a>Inactive Member Accounts &amp; Termination of Membership
				</h4>
				<p>
					Membership in the YourHotDeal program is free: there is no charge to be a Member or to earn and receive Cash Back. If your account is inactive
					for more than twelve (12) consecutive months, YourHotDeal reserves the right to debit your YourHotDeal account balance two dollars ($2.00) per
					month to recover the cost of account maintenance until (i) you reactivate your account by starting a shopping session via YourHotDeal.com or
					YourHotDeal' Applications, completing a qualifying purchase, or updating your account information (providing a valid name, email and mailing
					address), or (ii) your account balance is zero. If the balance in your <strong>inactive</strong> account is or becomes zero, YourHotDeal will
					close the account permanently and cease to maintain your account records and Program access. The inactive account maintenance charge will not
					cause your account balance to become negative and will not cause you to owe money to YourHotDeal.
				</p>
				<p class="back">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div class="border-top">
				<h4>
					<a id="Program"></a>Program Limitations, Qualifications &amp; Disclaimers
				</h4>
				<p>Membership in the Program is subject to this Program Agreement. All Affiliate Store membership and/or operating agreements as they relate
					to their affiliate or partner programs with YourHotDeal and which reside on the Affiliate Store's respective Web sites are hereby incorporated
					into this Agreement by reference.</p>
				<p>Membership in the Program is limited to individuals who are 18 years of age or older. Members may not use scripts or disguised redirects to
					derive financial benefit from YourHotDeal. Members must have Internet access and maintain a valid email address to be eligible to receive the
					privileges and benefits of membership.</p>
				<p>Any failure to comply with this Program Agreement, any fraud or abuse relating to the accrual or receipt of cash back rewards, or any
					misrepresentation of any information furnished to YourHotDeal or its affiliates by you or anyone acting on your behalf may result in the
					termination of your membership in the Program and forfeiture of your accrued Cash Back rewards.</p>
				<p>The determination of whether or not a purchase made through an YourHotDeal Affiliate Store qualifies for Cash Back is at the sole
					discretion of YourHotDeal. If an Affiliate Store fails to report a transaction to YourHotDeal or withholds payment to YourHotDeal for any reason,
					YourHotDeal reserves the right to cancel the Cash Back associated with that transaction. If YourHotDeal has any reason to suspect fraudulent
					activity is associated with your account, YourHotDeal reserves the right to delay or withhold payment of Cash Back. You give YourHotDeal
					permission to review your account with Affiliate Stores in cases where YourHotDeal suspects fraudulent activity. YourHotDeal is not responsible
					for lost or stolen payments, including gift cards. YourHotDeal is not responsible for payments delivered to the wrong address through no fault of
					YourHotDeal or for payment errors made by payment partners like PayPal.</p>
				<p>It is your responsibility to check your account regularly to ensure that Cash Back has been properly credited and paid and that your
					account balance is accurate. If you do not believe that Cash Back has been correctly credited to your account you must contact YourHotDeal
					Customer Service within 90 days of the transaction. Should you disagree with any adjustments made to your account or payments made to you, your
					sole remedy is to withdraw from the Program.</p>
				<p>You may be taxed on your receipt of cash and other consideration (merchandise, travel, etc.) for member referrals, depending on the tax
					laws of federal, state, and local jurisdictions. YourHotDeal may choose to provide you with those notices to you on occasion. In all instances,
					you will be solely responsible for any and all tax liability arising out of the consideration received for member referrals.</p>
				<p>YourHotDeal is not responsible for changes to, or discontinuance of, any Affiliate Store, or for any Affiliate Store withdrawal from the
					Program, or for any effect on accrual of Cash Back caused by such changes, discontinuance, or withdrawal. YourHotDeal is not responsible for
					changes to, or discontinuance of, any special offer or coupon code at an Affiliate Store site.</p>
				<p>The YourHotDeal Program and Applications are being provided to member "as is" with no warranty. YourHotDeal reserves the right to terminate
					the Program at any time with or without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, YourHotDeal disclaims all representations and warranties,
					express or implied, with respect to the Program and Applications.</p>
				<p>YourHotDeal does not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations regarding the quality or accuracy of advertisements for any products
					or services offered or provided by Affiliate Stores in conjunction with the Program. In addition, YourHotDeal does not warrant that access to
					this site or use of its Applications will be uninterrupted or error-free, and YourHotDeal assumes no responsibility for any damage caused by your
					access or inability to access YourHotDeal.com or YourHotDeal' Applications.</p>
				<p>Member agrees to indemnify and hold YourHotDeal, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors and employees, harmless from
					any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any party due to or arising out of Member's use of the Program.</p>
				<p>YourHotDeal may modify this Agreement from time to time, with or without notice, and your continued participation in the Program after such
					modification shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such modification. It is your responsibility to check the Terms &amp; Conditions page
					of the YourHotDeal Web site regularly to determine whether this Agreement has been modified. If you do not agree to any modification of this
					Agreement, you must immediately cease participation in the Program.</p>
				<p>This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflicts of
					law rules. As a condition of the use of the YourHotDeal website and service, you (the Member) agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
					jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of San Francisco, California and therefore agree to file any grievance or suit of any kind
					exclusively in the courts located within the county of San Francisco.</p>
				<p>If any provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and
					the other provisions contained herein will remain in full force and effect. YourHotDeal' failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of
					any provision of the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
					between you and YourHotDeal with respect to the Program.</p>
				<p class="back popuphide">
					<a href="#top">back to top</a>
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</h:panelGroup>
</ui:composition>
</html>