<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/maintemplate.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="content">

		<h:form>
			<div class="aboutus">
				<h1>About yourhotdeal.com</h1>
				<p>Founded in 2010, yourhotdeal.com is a free, user-driven deal sharing site with a mission to provide consumers an avenue to collaborate and
					share information in order to make the best shopping decisions. Yourhotdeal achieves this by providing its users a forum for communication and
					various shopping tools. yourhotdeal.com prides itself on being user and community focused, never allowing paid placement for frontpage deal
					listings.</p>
				<h1>Disclaimer</h1>
				<p>The information on this website is provided by yourhotdeal.com. While we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make
					no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with
					respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you
					place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without
					limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in
					connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of
					yourhotdeal.com. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily
					imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. yourhotdeal.com has financial relationships with some of the Credit cards
					shown on the website, and yourhotdeal.com may be compensated if consumers choose to apply for these links in the content, and ultimately sign up
					for them. The content about American express credit cards is not provided or commissioned by American Express. Opinions expressed here are
					author's alone, not those of American Express, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by American Express. This site may be
					compensated through American Express Affiliate Program. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However,
					yourhotdeal.com takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond
					our control. This website is a platform, which allow anyone to add their own thoughts on it. but It does not represent this website.
					Yourhotdeal.com takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, any content posted by users.</p>

				<h1>Encounter Issues</h1>
				<p>
					If you experice any erros or you have any suggestions while using yourhotdeal.com website, you can send email to <a
						href="mailto:support@yourhotdeal.com">support@yourhotdeal.com</a>. if they are errors, we will fix it ASAP. if they are suggestions, we will
					consider it carefully and take approciate actions. <br />Thanks for your support.
				</p>

			</div>

		</h:form>

	</ui:define>


</ui:composition>

</html>